Pygmy Coding Convention

    This document defines a simple set of guidlines, collectively known as a coding convention.
Conforming to these guildines allows the Pygmy community to maintain a consistent and predictable
code style, organization and interface. All Pygmy base code is written as C source.  

Section 1:
    Basic naming structure:
        All source files comprising the Pygmy base code source will be named as pairs of source and
    header. All source will be named as "pygmy_*.c" and corresponding headers as "pygmy_*.h". These
    names chall be all lowercase.
        Functions within these source files will be named as Pygmy_*_Function()., where "*" is 
    replaced with the library name or group name in all caps. An example is Pygmy_SYS_AnyFunction().
    Three letter names are used on many base code source files for brevity, but are not actually 
    limited to three letters. In general, SYS files may be found in "pygmy_sys.c" and "pygmy_sys.h".
        The first letter of each letter in a function name shall be capitalized, as in AnyFunction().
    In the case where numerous functions need to be broken into groups, the group name should follow
    the library name and immediately precede the function name. Groups named with more than one word
    should have the first letter of each word capitalized. Two examples: Pygmy_SYS_Group_AnyFunc(),
    Pygmy_SYS_GroupTwo_AnyFunc(). Groups tend to clutter code and should only be used where functions
    are too numerous or similar to be named otherwise.
        
    Variable Naming:
        Variables should be named with an appropriate type identifier in lowercase followed by the name
    with the first letter of each word capitalized. Variable defined by Pygmy typedefs should have the
    function name preceded with "pygmy" and any appropriate type identifier. An example would be:
    pygmyMessage or pygmyMessageBuffer. If the name becomes excessively verbose, it is acceptable to 
    abbreviate and use a simple one line comment to describe the abreviation.
        As would be expected, i, ii, and even iii are expressely exempted from the naming convention
    and reserved for index variables. 
        Some basic type identifiers are:
        i       Int
        ui      Unsigned Int
        c       Char
        uc      Unsigned Char
        s       String or Char Buffer
        l       Long Int
        ul      Unsigned Long Int
        
        You may also prepend the types used by the Pygmy base code source files ( defined in pygmy_sys.h):
        s8      Signed 8 Bit Int
        u8      Unsigned 8 Bit Int
        s16     Signed 16 Bit Int
        u16     Unsigned 16 Bit Int
        s32     Signed 32 Bit Int
        u32     Unsigned 32 Bit Int
        s64     Signed 64 Bit Int
        u64     Unsigned 64 Bit Int
        
        